conversely, the Spanish step
I usually start with that
Spanish cruz on because that is
nothing but the Spanish step
the goal is the selection in the target
horse on command to stomp
bring
by a light touch on the
fore leg imitating an insect that
shaken off the horse
I agree that somewhere on the foreleg
Horse supplier returned and as well
smallest reaction comes if it only one
Raise a bit is or bit
shrug then I praise that's the first one
small success step on the way
First, the trainer has to find out
at which point of the front legs it is
horse most sensitive to when
One should have found this post
reaction of the horse gradually
increased and the lifting and stretching phase
of the leg
only if this is good with both legs
does it work you go to the Spanish
step over
around
the
As a next step I go to it
about me either on a straight
line along the wall or if I am
in round pen band at the finish line
outside steps go a few forward
then a leg of typing spanish
step so let it stretch and
Immediately back in step one two
steps continue to go first again
let same stretch tapping leg
go back a few steps so that
Once a string is stabilized then
I go to the other hand and do
the same then with the other leg
and when both legs are in motion
safely available
then i can go to the next level
go over and ask yourself
so-called Volcker work the polka
is a pre-exercise of the Spanish step
with a reciprocal lifting
legs and a step sequence
between
you count as follows on 1 type in one
front leg on then the horse is two
you go on that you tap that
other forelimb and so on
No
part
It is very important that you already
early the forward movement to
otherwise you have a horse what
stop on the spot and the
front legs great but lifts the
behind hand
which is miles behind and
just does not come along and this one
mistake is then very very difficult too
so please fix it right in
small steps from the beginning to the
to increase again
with every recognizable
training progress will be the
shortened
until the horse like here the spanish
Step dominated
So that's the demanding one too
exercise for those who felt a practicing one
really needs to pay close attention
which leg can not touch that
be raised at all
it just has to be the timing
si